the game engines are all along
the side of the rim
we're walking along the summit
of Mount Ranier on our way to
the east crater cave to make a
three-dimensional map if someone
gets lost or hurt
it's easier to conduct a search
and rescue operation
yeah
some of the edges are great
speech
you could take a 40-foot
freefall followed by several
hundred feet of tumbling into
toxic air waiting for you at the
very bottom
we're in the creator of the
episodic Lee active volcano so
this is not the place that many
people go to have fun
is everybody okay rule number
one don't get hurt
my nerves are up the whole time
I'm inside the cave
this was this is fine but down
here is not when you hear the
beeps go off it means you're in
a very dangerous level or carbon
dioxide and you have to leave
right away or a need to go
unconscious and I right there
where you're living at the risks
are undertaking is worth it to
me
the McKay's are very unique
we're looking at a couple of
different things but they Center
on possible
microbial life that lives and
these caves
yeah
a blend of volcanic gases mixing
with a high altitude dark I ck
replicates what they expect to
find on Europa the Martian ice
caps or other ice body somewhere
in the solar system
I sense together it's a very
exciting alien environment draws
you in but we just basically
skim the surface which is why
we're going to be coming back
for many years to come
all of a sudden it just started
raining down on top of me
one of us are all of us just the
are in kicks or just the
pressure waves of our body must
have set off this challenge